# Meeting 04-03-2019

Attendees: All

**Chairman: Amna**

**Notetaker: Pien**

Start time: 16:35

End time: 17:15

# What is done?

Dividing the group in smaller sub groups:
- Backend and feature design: Pien Eduard and Rick
- GUI : Omar and Chaiwon
- Database and login: Amna, Simran

Done: Sprint, Checkstyle updated

Two issues on database: testing database, testing passed, testing not covered

Amna: database connection tests; little bit of problems.

Simran: database connection; SQL, started on login but still researching

Chaiwon: design of login and register screen

Pien: implementing the classes in a separate branch, collecting information about CO2 emission and implementing constants

Eduard: together with Rick first ideas about the features; User class and password hashing

Rick: designing features; two tests and compiling when committing to git; found a 3rd party API website, and implemented that.

Omar: also designing login and register screen; but this design not chosen. 


# What should be done next week?

First requirements of the next demo; 

a working button

a database which can receive and save/send information; a number (which is the amount of vegetarian meals)

a class with all information about the vegetarian meal; all info and working methods



# How can we improve?

sprint reviews and making the planning before the meetings
the week’s chair makes sure on sunday everyone has done their stuff

The week’s chair:
- Apps/notifies the group members about their tasks and makes sure everyone does them before the meeting
- Makes sure that if something is on the main branch, it is tested and checkstyled
- Makes sure someone writes a sprint review
- Discusses a layout for a new backlog

# Concrete planning next week

See backlog ; needs updating

# Issues/questions

Chairman needs to really lead the meeting: take action and lead the conversation

More specific tasks in the backlog; not just 'create GUI'

Database testing issues, hashing issues, IntelliJ malfunctioning

## Meeting 04-03-2019

Attendees: All

Chairman: Amna

Notetaker: Pien

Start time:

End time:

### What is done?

### What should be done next week?

Demo 2 working and perfected

### How can we improve?

### Concrete planning next week

### Issues/questions


