Started at 15:56
Ended at 16:44

Attendees: Rick, Eduard, Chaiwon, Omar, Amna, Simran 

# Demo:

Using spring, Browser shows the JSON layout

Different kinds of mappings: 
-	Request mapping (used)
-	Get mapping (default)


Each mapping is a diff action done on an endpoint (location)

You can get a resource, delete, post, put 

Put is usually used for a new one (eg, new user) – you can only add to a collection, not an element

# Tests:

-	Create a mock server to test the client
-	Create a mock client to test the server
-	You can test two things in one method
-	Do some actual live requests 
-	Testing whether it works across the whole spring (server has to be running at that time)
-	Check to see if there’s a way to replace the network (for the mock)


# What did we do wrong last week? 

Checkstyle: 18 errors. Keep in mind to fix all errors before committing and pushing. 
Use the (Ctrl+Alt+Shift+L) so everyone has the same style. Make sure style check has the same style. 

# What can be done better? 

Plan it better. Don’t keep things for last minute. Make different teams (eg. Database, client, Server) so the extra research is done by those groups and then they give a summary of what it’s about.
Check spring. It should have some class for database. 
Server: amount of complexity 
client: working with the GUI’s

# What is our plan for the upcoming sprint? 

Make a backlog at the beginning of the week. Make a retrospective at the end of the week and compare it to the backlog, so you can fix it for the next time. (eg, amount of time it’ll take, how much time did it really take). 
Design the GUI separately. Make the buttons, logos, etc.
Find a database, connect it, find a way to authenticate and identify users. (don’t focus on making it secure right now) use an authenticate endpoint. Use post. Hash the password in database using bcrypt. 
Authentication is very important. Get that done.

# What are our priority features for the product backlog? 

Focus on lower level building blocks. Features build on building blocks. You need to first have a database, authentication, and a GUI. So create a simple interface. Start simple and then extend the features.  

Use a relational database since all the information is static. 

Extra points:
-	Pull base development 
-	Using issues
-	Using the Scrumboard (determine at the beginning of the week, what will be done by the end of the week)

CI: Every time you push, it checks if your code compiles, your tests passed, etc.

Junit continuous integration disable test

JavaFX uses some C libraries 

For the issues, add a description (not just the title) eg, behavior I expect, the cause (if there is one)

You get points for merge requests. So create new branches, push it to gitlab. And then go to new merge request, then search branch.. other people review your code before it merges. (2 people should look at your code before it’s merged)


Put the pictures in docs. 

Web third party API (take the client code, and change the URL)
